[Music]
Hey operation delux yesterday we were
commenting on some news I had the I had
the exclusive villa I read that this
dismissal for one party and
charges for another or in other words the fact that
the investigation is closed Look,
look, we were talking about it
a few weeks ago and we said this
you don't remember well I was wrong Eh
This yes And now and I and I have surprised
eh Let's see no the truth is this headline is
a little wrong because Mediaset
is pointed out but as
possible responsibility responsibility without now but
accused Gustavo González the policeman
David Valde pera the TV factory and
some people that I understand are
workers Yes but I don't understand the
issue of the TV factory because it is
still extinct or in other words the society
So I am not understanding the
TV factory does not exist as such
there is Pablo who can give you an
answer to that Look he came at the
opportune moment because Pablo Well yes eh I
don't understand it I mean but let's see I
don't understand that by logic it does not matter I mean yes yes
the  if the company, let's see, the
same two owners of a company
close it and create another one, exactly the same,
well, I understand that they are still
responsible. Likewise. No, yes, but yes, of course,
but not now. Of course, but that
company was closed for a reason, and I mean, I
want to tell you with knowledge of the facts,
I would like the explanation, the explanation
for that is super, the explanation for closing
that company is because they already know
that they have a flirtation with
Spanish television and on Spanish television they cannot
work, of course, and I know that
when they closed that, they diverted everything to
half a set, I mean, I want to tell you, close it. I will
answer you, but if you tell me what shampoo you
use, well, one to strengthen because
half of my hair has fallen out, I mean,
before I did have absolutely great hair, but it has
n't fallen out anymore, eh. Although it seems like
great hair, okay, answer us Pablo because I have
never understood that, I have never
understood that point, I see it clearly, I
mean, for me it is super
logical, they are the same two owners and they make
the same company.
The company even has almost the same name. Man, Yes, but they
wanted to disassociate themselves from all, from all the
rubbish that they had, I want to tell you  in the
end you associate the TV factory with
the brand itself I associated it with
crimes, uh, evil, lawsuits, a whole
era that was quite turbulent at the level of, uh,
complaints I see it, I simply see it as the
trick because it was already flirting with
Spanish television and you can't
work in Spanish television if you're
charged. So, society, society,
the TV factory is
charged. What society is going to work in
Spanish television, manufacturers, and they
can already work, that is, simply Yes,
but yes, but yes because in the end, but
if it were to be the TV factory in
use, I think it couldn't because in
Spanish television the style manual
doesn't allow it. Of course, but okay, okay, so
then you're telling me. I mean, if
you're telling me, saying that the
TV factory, that is, that
Oscar and Adrian would have to be held responsible for this, for this matter. Likewise, or
rather, what the TV factory is, which
in the end are these with another name. What
difference is there if these are going to collaborate
in Spanish television, are you
understanding me? Yes, yes, the difference is that
the TV factory is not charged and
Oscar  and Madrid are not charged as a
natural person they have a company that
is charged a defunct company that does
not exist anyway I tell you one thing
or rather according to me on Spanish television
saying that you cannot work No not because you are
charged but because you are convicted and
depending on what crime or rather because because you are charged
I can be charged
at any time that someone
files a complaint against me No now they are going to file a
complaint against me they cannot charge me no and
then I win it well well you know the thing
that is not the same when on
Spanish television eh or rather for example in this
case it would be an external production company that is
only allowed to make magazines or
rather all this well we already know this on
Spanish television all the
informative issue is always done by the house the
house eh only workers of the
house and people who have the position and people who
are from the house the magazines like eh
morning shows or this that is going to start now
with the manufacturers can be with
external production companies what I don't know is if in
that case the same style manual is followed
as the people who work in the house those
who have a position or those who are from the
house let's go eh No  I know if I explain the
difference I don't know I don't know
the style manual has been skipped I know I know I know Of course it will
even depend on
Claro because let's see in two ways and I
understand that it will also depend on what
type of crime it is and how much time has
passed because If we live in a
justice system, that is to say in a society that
we have a justice system of reintegration
and you cannot be given a greater sentence
than what you were given in your day, that
is to say, eh, imagine you are a
television presenter or in this case not a
production company Hey, they are convicted for a
revelation of a secret you pay for your crime,
which was months in prison because I'm not
sure either, I don't think you think you
pay for your crime and now then you
can no longer work ever again in your life, that
is to say there is another sentence parallel to the
sentence that the law has given you, I don't
see it very clearly, of course, what I don't have either is
that I have there, my, my duality, let's see,
in the end, these people are that it doesn't matter if
José Pablo is there, it doesn't matter because they will be there, they will be there.
Likewise, what I
don't know is if it's a coincidence and yours, which also
doesn't interfere with another type of thing is
that this news comes out right now
when I think that in these days
I don't know exactly if now the
car the car is the day before yesterday is okay,
well no, it must be that it has been a
coincidence because I think that I don't know
if soon they will already be with the subject of the
pilot program is that what a coincidence
everything that they start already like to move everything
all the mess that the car comes out now
after 8 years with this subject comes out
Likewise the car was expected for this
date because the instruction times
are from months to months so
of course you know when the car is going to come out
more or less it is that they expected it what
happens is that in any case
and we'll see this is going to take a long time but it is what I
tell you, I mean it is an accusation
my personal opinion the
television factory is not going to be condemned for revealing
Secrets in all cases You always say the
same thing and you always talk about the police
only no no no I'm not telling you something they have
put in the bribe they have put in the bribe
and in the car I discovered things about Gustavo
that I did not know like what Like he did it
to enrich himself man who
traded with the  information but
in a way as if it were him who had
access to it, you know, it's like you
Imagine that you are the police and I
am Gustavo okay I say Well look, I
met up with someone on Tinder this afternoon
Marina Look at the presents from this one from her
cousin from her father and let's see if she has an
uncle the next day Oy Well look, I got into an
argument with a neighbor, I'm going to, I'm going to take it, I'm
going to Hey Marina Look at this name to
see if he has anything in his record and I'll
put it in the neighborhood council or
the neighborhood council will leak it to the magazine
leaking
that apparently it has been proven that there are
invoices for things that he sold to
publishers and another big thing which is
that he also sent them, that is, the
screenshots of the Argos program of which he
sent them it's that there is that man Of course
because there everything is with invoices is that
not So I don't know to what extent
this let's see, I'm not telling you that he's going to go
to jail but man well Neither do we
know Eh I don't know I don't know
look notice how  Look, the time we
spoke with him here he didn't say much either, he probably won't
say much but look how he
was the first one they removed, how he
removed himself from absolutely everything and how he
hasn't returned I wonder what he makes a living from and I've been
wondering that for a while eh I know he's
still with María agency yes Well I do
n't know Diego talks about I mean let's see
yes but the agency they had I talked about
once I tried to sell some things
a little I don't know I don't know how the
agency is going I don't know eh Diego talks about the
agency in the present tense I understand that
I understand that his partner is still his
partner no ok I don't know come on but let's let's
not believe things are that far along
the issue of Oye que Escucha By the way, I
mean in the issue of Marielo Montero,
Gustavo is also there and it's the same
crime yes well then why
was Gustavo convicted too or only
Diego I don't remember I think Gustavo
was also involved but not like
Diego eh Let's see why If they laen of the
two but not wait for Diego Rabal they
convicted Well then Gustavo
too No wait  okay yes yes yes yes yes yes yes it
was the same no then of course
So yes yes Gustavo is
convicted here it adds up there of course more more
an of course more antecedents that do add up
because it is the same crime of course damn
Diego no longer works with Gustavo Ah
so he has kept the agency he
alone they stopped being partners you see Ah yes Ah well it
sounds to me that G It
sounded to me something like that happened Because it
stopped going well because I was I
sensed it from something of the last things I
talked to him Ah well you sounded to me
that Gustavo on some occasion
has stopped by there on Diego's channel
by phone or something No he is not the partner
Gustavo sold him his share That's why I say that I do
n't know I don't know what he lives on s s I
also have something here that I have
forgotten to put it on the subject of Anabel that
is from Diego I don't know if he wants us to
listen to it but it is a it is a news that
Diego has given to Rabal also about Anabel
we listen to it come on but I am not going to
Look I am going to tell you something Before
covering this subject I uh  Obviously
Gustavo, I think he
really screwed up with this issue as well as
with Lu's operation, but I will
always think that they used him even though he
was an adult, an intelligent guy who
knew about the profession, but I think they
used him. Although, I mean, they used him, let
me explain, they used him, this
guy was doing this,
knowing what this man was doing. Let me
explain, let's
see, it wasn't very, it's not very far from what
Gustavo did, what
the directors did at the TV factory,
because it's clear, in the end, Gustavo,
look for this, Gustavo, look for that,
and they even went so far as to put
some files on screen, not Jose
Fernando's, they put them up. I don't think there
were more than 30 people, no, I don't know
how many people there were, lots of people,
30, but what do I know, I've read, see,
I believe it too, let's see, there are
all kinds of opinions, I don't know how many in the end, but
I didn't keep quiet. One is fine, but in
the car, a lot, well, 140 people, no,
yes, but then people who were falling apart, they
didn't reach agreements, some reached
agreements, others. Well, I think Gustavo and
you understand what  he has done is I have no
words to describe it but I have always
considered him or believed that he was a
so-called noble guy. Compared to
what was there in general, I think that
this has gotten completely out of hand
and I think that he was a bit of an, I don't
want to call him a useful idiot but like the
typical person through which to
get what he will have benefited that yes, he
likes money, he
liked it too much Yes but I can't stop
thinking that from above Eh they have been
using him I tell you the truth eh that
in the end the victim has come out Yes yes
because he has made the mistakes
of course And he is responsible and he should
pay for what he has done but I think that
eh But
well i